README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Review one of my past projects

For the first milestone in the process of creating your portfolio website, we need to set up a new repository and prepare it for development using best practices (e.g. linters). build the first 2 sections of the mobile website using the template we choose a predetermined designed given by Microverse.

:heavy_check_mark: A .html File added
:heavy_check_mark: A .css file added
:heavy_check_mark: Description for the project is added

## Built With

- Major languages : HTML, CSS
- Frameworks: Flex, Grid
- Technologies used: HTML, CSS, GIT 

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

No specific requirements are required for this repository.

### Setup

A browser is required to be installed for view the contents and an Code editor to edit the code.

### Install

Clone the repository and and use a browser to open the index.html to view the contents.

### Deployment

The HTML files can be deployed using the LAMP for more details (https://lakebrains.com/how-to-deploy-single-website-using-lamp-on-ubuntu-server/)

## Authors

👤 **JIPSON O S**



## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._

Commit message:

Add index.html and style.cc file

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Review one of my past projects

Review one of my past projects during my microverse admission trials and check whether the correct html semantic tags are used and git flow is correct.

:heavy_check_mark: A .html File added
:heavy_check_mark: A .css file added
:heavy_check_mark: Description for the project is added

## Built With

- Major languages : HTML, CSS
- Frameworks: Flex, Grid
- Technologies used: HTML, CSS, GIT 

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

No specific requirements are required for this repository.

### Setup

A browser is required to be installed for view the contents and an Code editor to edit the code.

### Install

Clone the repository and and use a browser to open the index.html to view the contents.

### Deployment

The HTML files can be deployed using the LAMP for more details (https://lakebrains.com/how-to-deploy-single-website-using-lamp-on-ubuntu-server/)

## Authors

👤 **JIPSON O S**



## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._
